\documentclass{article}
\begin{document}
\author{Joel}
\title{Meeting Minutes - 24 April 2007}
\maketitle
\begin{flushleft}
Attendees:
Mel,
Rhys (Chair),
Rob,
Joel (Sec),
Braden
\newline

\begin{enumerate}
  \item Prior Business
    \begin{itemize}
    \item AI: FPGA - Pavel contacted Joel and Braden. Follow up to see if it has                     been ordered. Braden may end up paying for it, and getting
                     reimbursed.
    \item AI: Logo - Done and sent. Thanks Rhys 
    \item AI: EM Access - go see Stephen Guest.
    \end{itemize}

  \item Status of testing 
   \begin{itemize}
    \item Mel's IRSIM script
      \begin{itemize}
      \item Progress has been made on debugging.
      \item Stand alone IRSIM to be used, due to electric not being able to
            handle the entire chip simulation.
      \item Need a longer clock cycle to avoid errors.
      \item Changes to sytax needed so .cmd works with stand alone IRSIM
      \end{itemize}
    \item Rob's nanosim script
      \begin{itemize}
      \item As well as helping Mel, Rob has been developing a script to
            convert the verilog stimuls output to a nanosim deck.
      \item File structure has been worked out, trivial test case has been
            written and simulated.
      \end{itemize}
   \end{itemize}

  \item Peer review thingy 
    \begin{itemize}
    \item Very simular in structure to our PIP document.
    \item We will simply adjust this so it fufills the requirements of the
          peer review thingy document.
    \item Due monday
    \item Braden will provide feedback on PIP by close of businesses Friday,
          (April 27) so we can incorporate changes into peer review thingy
          document.
    \end{itemize}

\end{enumerate}

\end{flushleft}

\end{document}
